I got so sick of being as a dad won't
leave me alone it's almost like a
fountain who's that it for the bed
her conscience eyes are always so much
heavier than our egos a semi
expectations so nothing ever comes out
right shoot a son bullet fired tonight I
think I'll figure it out with a little
more time but who needs to
sure i can't my harry clarke to hold me
down once it falls apart my head's in
clothes i'm taking every chance i vould
like something i know i'm not so sick
away staying home tonight knowing god's
name did I survive I need a little
simpler to store my secure
so conscience a row so much heavier than
her egos semi expectations so nothing
ever comes out wrong so shoot a star on
the live right tonight then you'll
figure it out with the little more time
but who needs to
turn off the lights turn off the light I
got my heavy heart to hold me down once
it falls apart my head's in the clouds
now I'm taking every chance lifeguard
like them there no one